Introduce Apps CLI development tool (#675)
saleor/apps: .changeset/funny-fireants-turn.md

---
"@saleor/apps-cli": patch
---

Introduced Apps CLI.

> The app is intended to help with common tasks in app development, like installing apps from manifest or debugging webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is intended to help with common tasks in app development, like installing apps from manifest or debugging webhooks.
```

a bit too many "app"s
